remove git page that was talking about not git (#644)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/code/workflow.md

Commit reformats and refactors separately from actual code changes to make reviewing easier.

> For more help with Git see: [Using Git](https://lab.github.com/).

Reviewer: The url used is mostly about the GitHub product/tool but the context of this line is more about the git cool. Suggestion here is to point to the official git site where they provide ways to learn

```suggestion
For more help with Git see: [Using Git](https://git-scm.com/doc/ext).
```

Author: yeah - wanted feature parity w/ the other link - but yeah `git` != GH
